fix: MD034 Bare URLs (#20020)
mdn/content: files/en-us/mdn/community/contributing/security_vulnerability_response/index.md

- [interactive-examples](https://github.com/mdn/interactive-examples/issues/1242)
- [bob](https://github.com/mdn/bob/issues/184)

That by itself is not enough as users do not necessarily actively monitor issues. We therefore, needed to look at all of the forks of the project, for example: <https://github.com/mdn/interactive-examples/network/members>

We then copied all of the usernames for these users and pinged them on the above issue, for example: <https://github.com/mdn/interactive-examples/issues/1242#issuecomment-442110598>

> This was very effective from the response we received in the issue, but we could not leave it there. The next step was to post a comment on each of the open pull requests informing the user of the problem, and what their next steps should be:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This was very effective, judging from the responses the issue received, but we could not leave it there. The next step was to post a comment on each of the open pull requests informing the user of the problem and what their next steps should be. Here is an [example](https://github.com/mdn/interactive-examples/pull/1144) of our answer.
```

> <https://github.com/mdn/interactive-examples/pull/1144>

Author: Deleting this makes the lead in text a little odd

> <https://github.com/mdn/interactive-examples/pull/1144>

Reviewer: Yes, I propose a modification of the sentence above.

> This was very effective from the responses we received in the issue, but we could not leave it there. The next step was to post a comment on each of the open pull requests informing the user of the problem and what their [next steps](https://github.com/mdn/interactive-examples/pull/1144) should be:

Author: ```suggestion
This was very effective, judging from the responses the issue received, but we could not leave it there. The next step was to post a comment on each of the open pull requests informing the user of the problem and what their next steps should be. Here is an [example](https://github.com/mdn/interactive-examples/pull/1144) of our answer.
```

> <https://github.com/mdn/interactive-examples/pull/1144>

Author: ```suggestion
```
